 No, no, no, no.
 Um, i wanted to actually discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation about potentially increasing my salery.
 So i personally believe that i've done a lot of good things for this company, such as leading many projects, bringing lots of business to the company, and i've taken on a lot of extra work that wasn't necessarily assigned to.
 Yes, indeed, i do.
 Um, in fact, i feel like you could ask anyone in the office, including upper management, about my work ethic.
 And i believe that i worked harder than almost anyone.
 what aren't you the one who has the final say?
 i don't understand why we would why you would need thio discuss this with upper management.
 like i said earlier, you could ask anyone in the office including upper management about my work ethic and i think they definitely back .
 i understand i understand and i definitely i respect that, but i just think that i'm asking to just think about raising the salary considering that i've been working here for three years, i've never had any problems i've won numerous employee of the month awards as well as earning the highest productivity rate in the office last year and considering that i have filled in for higher management numerous times, i believe that the current salary i have doesn't reflect accurately what i'm capable of doing, .
 Can you can you explain a little bit more?
 I would definitely wouldn't say it's very urgent, but i would i would appreciate if we could just get get it into the talks and just thinking about, like, raising my salary, considering i've been working for the past three years, maybe, like, on my fourth year of working, i would expect, not expect, but i would appreciate ah, higher raise a raise.
 Um, but i do understand that is a long process.
 No, because i definitely think, considering the way how open you are, of discussing the possibility of a raise that i could come back next year or the year after that.
 And try to, you know, discuss the higher salary when the future, when the company is going to be doing much better.
 And when i will be more much more experienced than too .
 Cool.
 Thanks.
