 No, no, no, no.
 Um, i wanted to actually discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation about potentially increasing my salery.
 So i personally believe that i've done a lot of good things for this company, such as leading many projects, bringing lots of business to the company, and i've taken on a lot of extra work that wasn't necessarily assigned to.
 Yes, indeed, i do.
 Um, in fact, i feel like you could ask anyone in the office, including upper management, about my work ethic.
 And i believe that i worked harder than almost anyone.
 what aren't you the one who has the final say?
 i don't understand why we would why you would need thio discuss this with upper management.
 like i said earlier, you could ask anyone in the office including upper management about my work ethic and i think they definitely back .
 i understand i understand and i definitely i respect that, but i just think that i'm asking to just think about raising the salary considering that i've been working here for three years, i've never had any problems i've won numerous employee of the month awards as well as earning the highest productivity rate in the office last year and considering that i have filled in for higher management numerous times, i believe that the current salary i have doesn't reflect accurately what i'm capable of doing, .
 Can you can you explain a little bit more?
 I would definitely wouldn't say it's very urgent, but i would i would appreciate if we could just get get it into the talks and just thinking about, like, raising my salary, considering i've been working for the past three years, maybe, like, on my fourth year of working, i would expect, not expect, but i would appreciate ah, higher raise a raise.
 Um, but i do understand that is a long process.
 No, because i definitely think, considering the way how open you are, of discussing the possibility of a raise that i could come back next year or the year after that.
 And try to, you know, discuss the higher salary when the future, when the company is going to be doing much better.
 And when i will be more much more experienced than too .
 Cool.
 Thanks.
 Oh, hi.
 I was hoping to talk to you about something.
 I just wanted to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing in my salary.
 Um, well, i've been at this company for a long time for three years, and i haven't received a pay raise and all three of these years.
 Um, i believe that i have done really good work in this company.
 I put in a lot of effort on, and i think that results speak for themselves.
 I've won employee of the month awards numerous times.
 I have the highest productivity rate for the office in the last year, and i filled in for upper management several times.
 So i do believe that i am doing a lot of good work here and that i'm deserving of a raise.
 i think that i do more than my colleagues who are in the same position.
 I've also been here for a longer time.
 So i have more experience.
 Um, and i think that if you just look at, you know, my employment records, or if you look at your feedback from my managers, that you'll see that i've done above and beyond what a regular worker does here.
 Oh, um, i guess i just wanted to give you a heads up.
 And i knew that you would have a lot of influence on that.
 I guess I will just apply for that.
 Um, i think that i will definitely continue.
 To, keep up the word work.
 I think that i've been keeping now.
 I definitely think i could bring more customers.
 And i think that in the future, i have the ability to do really well, in a higher management position get.
 I understand the vision of the company well, and we'll be able to lead it and do better things for the future.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Yeah.
 I think that that's, always something that I’m looking for, more opportunities to prove myself.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Um, and i just tell them everything that I’ve told you.
 I think bring in my work records and they will speak for themselves.
 Hi.
 i actually wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to open a conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 I have done a lot of good things for the company, I’ve led many projects running a lot of business for the company, and i've taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
 Oh, i can show them all the work.
 I think.
 You know, for the past couple of months.
  I think they would Be very impressed.
 Okay, thank you.
 I really appreciate that.
 When do you think you could do that?
 Y.
 I’m sorry, excuse me?
 I see for searching for jobs, or.
 Yeah, i guess the thing is that i really i want to stay here working for the company, because i put a lot of dedication and time into this community, because it's something i'm passionate about.
 I’m really passionate about my work, and that’s been shown through the numerous employee of  the month of awards i received, um, you know, i earned the highest productivity rate in the office.
 And so it's.
 Not so much a problem with me being unhappy with job.
 It's the fact that i have been so much into it.
 But i don't feel that that's reflective with the work that i'm putting in salary receipt.
 Yes, because i've been working for the past three years.
 You know, i would say that we could compromise with about fifteen percent raise.
  .
 What would that be in addition to what i'm currently doing.
 I see.
 So maybe, if we get the salary taking care of, and then see where that goes.
 And then if that gets approved then.
 Maybe i could take that on for either increase salary.
 Or possibly a bonus or something .
 Okay, sounds great.
 So i'll fill out the application for the salary increases.
 Then we'll get that on.
 Then talk about the advertising project you talked about that's.
 sounds Interesting, .
 Uh yes i actually wanted to discuss something important with you regarding my future and present in the company and i was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 Um well because i believe that i have done a lot of helpful things for the company and for my team i have led many projects brought in a lot of business for the company and have taken a lot of extra work that wasn't necessarily a part of my role but i took the initiative to go above and beyond and i've even filled in for higher management numerous times which has given me a lot of exposure and something that's higher than my job .
 I think that my past record speaks for the future as well i'm a hard worker i'm driven and my passion for my my passion for my career also has to do with the company if the company does better i know that i will benefit from it as well so i always strive to do things that will help better my team, my company and my career as a whole .
 well i'm not sure what the other employees have done and i can't speak on their behalf i can show you that what i've been working on and that's a two fold answer one is in the numbers and you can see that i've won numerous employee of the month awards i've earned the highest productivity rate in the office for last year and like i said earlier have i filled in for higher management numerous times whatever it's needed and that's more of the numbers part of it and stuff that you can see right away the more qualitative to part of that is that i believe that the people i work with whether it be my direct managers whether it be people below me or whether it be my co workers can really see the passion in time and effort i've put into this company and to really have a raise would incentivize me to do even better and to grow even more and be more successful along what making the company more successful aswell.
 Um, of course, anything would be appreciated since, like i said, i would love to have a little bit of, uh, incentive for all the work that i do put it to this company.
 And if you do happen to have some leeway a little bit of leeway with the budget, i promise you that what you i will be an investment to the company.
 What you end up spending on me ?
 I will work as hard as I can.
 Like i said, earlier numbers and inequality to earn back twice, three times four times as much for the company itself through my contracts.
 Yeah, i would love to talk to that.
 I can show them all the work that i've been doing these past couple of months.
 And hopefully i believe they would be very impressed.
 Thank you so much, thanks.
 Hello, was wondering if you had a moment to talk.
  Well, i was wondering if we could discuss my current status in the company i was, hoping to potentially discuss on increased my salary.
 Well, i had been thinking about it.
 I was thinking about my role and position and involvement in the company, uh, was thinking about the work and the business that have provided in the past when the work that i continue to do today, um, i think that these things no.
 In my mind, are deserving of an increase in salary.
  Of course i understand.
 Well, i think that the multiple projects that i've been involved with, uh, all of which have been successful.
 I've been working here for three years.
 I think that that shows the level of dedication that i'm willing to give to this position and how much i care about this, uh, this company on my job, on the success that we've created together.
 And i personally would like to have a greater part in that.
 And i think that as i increase my involvement and as i, i dedicate myself more that  calls for an increase to salary.
 Yeah, right.
 Well, i like to think that that my passport, a good indicator for how i worked today and how i will choose to work tomorrow.
 And i think that if my level of commitment was at a certain level, as i increase that level of commitment, i think i would like to see compensation without moving forward.
 And i also recognize that's Not the only reason that i do this job, and i'm committed to of the position.
 Regardless, my pay.
 But, um, i think as a as I look to move forward in the company and further my professional goals, i think that this is a step i need to take.
 Uh, you know well, i think, um, i would be willing to take on additional work loads, of course, to prove my my dedication and commitment, i i'd certainly be willing to showcase my work ethic.
And you know, to not just, uh, ask for a raise blindly, but to truly show that, yeah, you, too, to show it to indicate that that this is, that i'm a worthwhile investment.
  Yeah, well, like i completely understand.
 Also, thank you for taking the time to talk to me about this.
 Hello sir, Uh, no, There's, no problem.
 I wanted to discuss something with you.
 I wasn't going to have an open conversation about potentially increasing my salary.
 I've done a lot of things for the company.
 I’ve lead many projects brought in a lot of business for the company, have taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
 i can show them all the work that i've been doing with past couple of months.
 I believe they would be impressed,.
 I appreciate the, uh, support and, um, thank you for the consideration, and i wouldn't go above your head.
  Um, that happened, um then i think you just does what i could do in the future.
 So that way I could be considered for a raise.
  In other companies?
 i haven't considered that.
 But if you feel that that's, the only way for me to excel my career, then i might have to consider that in the future.
 Yeah, no, i definitely understand, um, and i hope that we can work together to come to a conclusion.
 Thank you.
 Appreciate it, I’ll keep working hard.
 No, thank you.
 Hey, how’s it going?
 I was hoping to have an open conversation about, potentially having an increase in my salary.
 What ?
 I have not done that yet.
 I was hoping to approach you directly, to potentially expedite the  process or increase my chances of getting the pay raise.
 so i've won several employees of the month awards I moved out to china, of my own accord, to try to, increase my position in this company and to show how dedicated I am to the company.
 I have earned the highest productivity rate in this past year, and i have filled in for higher management numerous times.
 Based on my current salary and my current job requirements.
 I believe i've exceeded them, therefore should compensated more for my work.
 Ideally, i would have fifteen percent, pay increase.
 That is what I am looking for.
 Um, at the moment, i have not been I have not been looking for other offers.
 As i would still like to work for this company .
 Um, okay, i could go fill out the application in the system.
 I understand your position only being one step about mine i do appreciate you recognizing the value i put into this company?
 If if you can, if you have the time and are willing, if you could refer me to your supervisors, i would really appreciate that.
 I would be willing, to, help out in that in that exercise.
 I understand I am not provided compensation.
 However, i am still dedicated this company.
 I want to see the company succeed i would like to succeed in the company.
 i want to do whatever i can to help this company.
 at this moment, no, however, I do understand my own value, and if the company does not recognize that in the near future, then i might potentially move but at the moment, i'm not.
 I would like to stay at the company .
 okay, that will work.
 no sir actually just wanted to discuss something with you i was hoping to have a conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 Right, so I’ve done a lot of good things for the company i've led many projects brought in a lot of business for the company and i've taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
  so i thought that you would be the one who was eventually in charge of this but i could definitely go back to the upper management and show them the work i've been doing the past couple of months and i think that they would be impressed .
 All right.
 I would be definitely willing to do that.
 I would love to go through the entire process if there's a formal process for doing this.
 so i guess that is up to them.
 In the end, i would understand that if they go through the process and evaluate me and they do not think that i deserve that that's understandable.
 Um, i think i would go to them and pitch Why, i think i do deserve this pay raise, and I personally believe that i do, and so i wouldn’t completely understand it.
 But in the end, it is their decision, .
 Um, i'm not actively looking for other companies, and i'm very committed to the company.
 And so i don't think that whether or not i get a pay raise will affect my level of work.
 Well, i have been very committed to the company.
 Obviously, i've been here for the past few years.
 Three years yes, and i would love to be able to stay with company.
 So primarily i would try to do that.
 no, thank you so much for taking the time to listen to me.
 And i will make sure to go through the process or the potential pay raise.
 No problem, sir.
 I just came here to say I wanted to talk to you about potentially getting a pay raise.
 While i'm really grateful for being able to work here for the past three years and an excellent boss.
 I think that i've displayed a lot of leadership, good work ethic, doing things haven't really been assigned to me, and i think that based on those.
 I could really use a pay raise.
 Well, i just considered.
 Since you're the boss, you would know you the authority to give me a pay raise.
 Then, in that case, do you think you could speak to him on my approval on my behalf?
 Okay, who else would i be competing with?
 Do you think i would be competitive for pay raise?
 You said yourself that, you know, i worked really hard with your, you know, recommendation.
 I think that would go a long way with upper management.
 Okay.
 No, you think, you know, if it's not approved i would just come back and ask why, but I don't want to infringe on your job, because you know you're more connected, to upper management than i am, but i'd still, like to pursue that as much as possible.
 Right now or once i get a pay rise.
 I don’t see why not.
 good morning, .
 nothing much, sir.
 Um, i just think i want to talk to you about just discuss something really simple.
 I want to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 Yes, of course.
 You know, i've been working closely with you for the past three years since i moved over here and were able to give this amazing opportunity for me to grow and develop my career, which i would like to thank you so much.
 And not only work but also lead many other projects, i'm bring a lot of business for the company and do really well with it, and I’ve also taken up a lot of extra work that was necessary assigned to me just so that i can do what's best for out company.
 like you said, you can ask almost anyone in the office, I am always working very hard and for those reasons.
 I have applied for the raise but they've never been completely approved.
 And that's.
 Why i want to talk to you specifically, obviously because I’ve worked so closely with you and you have seen me grow over the years, to see what could be the reasons for that.
 Oh, i mean, specifically from our company.
 Got in.
 I'm employed a month over and over again.
 So that kind of awards from us to see that i have been getting good work done and expanding our business to other places.
 For me, when i obviously when I moved to china and coming to work at this office, my goal was getting kind of continue on with our company.
 I wasn't planning on jumping for one company to another, and i wanted to stick with us.
 And help grow myself and my career, as well as use that help our company grow to be the best that it could be.
 I think that i've been working for three, full years now and have gone above and beyond, so i was hoping that i would be able to get a fifteen to twenty percent raise.
 Yeah, of course, i would be ready to kind of do anything that cos obviously, like expertise, people and other things that could help bring more.
 All represented, kind of like being in a panel showing how it's been such a great experience working here how much I have learned from it.
 But again, i would do pretty much anything that there needs to be done in order to help our company out and let it grow .
 Do you want me to pull strings?
 Why do you want my help?
 yes, of course, like I tried to go through the normal channels, as well and everything, and i was hoping that even though you're just one level above me, we've seen that you obviously to do so much for the company, you have your own influence and things like that, and since obviously again, it's up to you.
 But as you've seen me work kind of with you over the past few years, i just thought that you could also continue to fight expedite the process, because, obviously, like all the rest of the process is important.
 I feel like i've kind of been through that kind of led me astray to nowhere, so that you could kind of just, like, help me out.
 Oh, you know, actually, i'm really happy with my work here.
 I've loved working here like the past ten years.
 Uh, i was just hoping to talk to you about something.
 Um, i, you know, i've been working here for the past ten years.
 Um, have won numerous awards.
 Um, i've increased our companies productivity.
 And actually, i earned the highest productivity in the last year.
 I think i've been really beneficial to this company.
 And i was hoping that after these ten years, it is time for me to get a raise.
 raise my salary yes .
 absolutely yeah um so basically i just started a family uh about three years ago and my kids are going into pre-school and uh i've been working really hard for this company and everything that i've ever done has been for the betterment of this company i haven't cut corners i've been true to the company's values i've been working every single day i'm never sick um but i want to send my kids to a really good preschool .
 yeah i understand what you're saying i just what have you seen for me in the past ten years that you would hate to see let's go away?
 i think i would really like to keep working with you but i do need to get a raise and if i don't see potential for getting a raise anytime soon here i might have to leave and go seek employment other places because i'm just worried that i'm not going to be able to send my kids to a good school and for me work has taken a priority in my life but now that i have kids their priority in my life and i understand that you from an economic standpoint can't necessarily divert funds to giving raises to people just because of family reasons but i know that my work has been far superior to that of my peers and that i have a deep love for this company and i know that i would hate to go and i hope that you would hate to see me go but i really need a raise .
 Yeah, that would be i was going to ask you if you'd be willing to do that.
 And, um, lobby for my case, i would really appreciate that.
 i mean they're just going into preschool so i'd say within the next six months would be a reasonable time frame in order to get a raise because i understand that you will have to make adjustments within the company i understand that you can't just pull money out of nowhere and uh in order to get a raise you'll have to give me more money would just taking money from somewhere else so of course i would be happy to have it happened over a period of time .
 i think that if within the next six months i don't hear from you again about it i'm going to come back in and talk to you about it obviously but i think we should proceed from there and at which point i may be considering other employment options.
 Yeah, well, we i think that it's important that you discuss it with you you need to discuss it with now but you and i can discuss it later.
 Once you hear back from the decision the upper management made okay.
 Thank you so much.
 No there's, no problem.
 I just wanted to talk about the idea, potentially me getting a raise.
 Sure.
 Um, so i've been here for three years.
 I've been doing not only my own work, but i've been do, like more work than has been assigned to me, and i feel that it's all been very, very well done.
 You always really appreciated everything.
 And so i was just thinking that after a long time and for the value that i bring, i think that a pay raise is appropriate at this time.
 i didn't do it yet, but i can write that letter if that's what's needed .
 Like, maybe.
 Can you write a recommendation ?
 Um, well, after so many years, i feel that i request that this point is usually normal to happen, so it doesn't happen.
 Then i might want t,.
 I don't know.
 I was my direct manager that i was hoping that you'd be able to have a little more influence and maybe trying to accomplish that raise after such a long time of being here, .
  Um, recently or no, i'm not looking elsewhere right now.
 I would like to stay this company, and, um, i really would like the pay raise in order to be able to do that.
 Sounds good.
  No, i actually wanted to discuss.
 I was hoping to have a conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 Um, i have done a lot of good things.
 Led many projects, brought in a lot of business for the company, and have taken on a lot o of extra work that has not been assigned to me.
 no it's, fine.
 There, you're going to show from all the work that i've been doing over the past couple months.
 You can ask anyone the office, including upper management about my work.
 I think that you would find that i work hard.
 Or that I have good, good work ethic.
 Yeah.
 So whatever works around your schedule.
 I might have to start looking for another job at that point.
 Thank you for saying that, and thank you for your time.
 No, um, i just wanted to talk about my current status.
 Um, i think the i was hoping to have a conversation about potentially salary.
 i've been doing, a lot of good work for the company over the past years.
 I've led a lot of projects subbed in for higher level management when you guys were busy with something else, I brought business for the company.
 And so I think because of all those things I deserve a better thing.
  Uh, yeah, but at the same time, i think that, if you ask anyone in the office based on the fact that I’ve gotten so many employee of the month awards in the past, that I would deserve an increase in my salary and it’s been a few years not.
 I think that’s fine, as long as you also see where I’m coming from and why I think I deserve a higher salary.
 Perhaps, I’m pretty dedicated to this company, and I’ve been working hard, but I would like to stay at this company.
 I was just wondering if we could discuss about if I could get a pay raise?
 I haven't mentioned in a long time, but since being with the company for very long and just rising through the company, I thought it was time.
 With family expenses, rising and me not making as much, I thought this would be the most opportune time to request a pay raise.
 According to my awards, as or recently over the past few years i've been employee of the month several times, I’ve had the highest productivity rate in the office last year, and I’ve also been taking on tasks that weren’t necessarily assigned to me, so based on these credentials, I thought I should deserve a pay raise.
 But it sounds like you did the same jobs as your colleges.
 Basically.
 I came in with the intention of working my way up but recently my position has been very stagnant, there have not been many opportunities to grow within the company.
 I’m not saying I have to rise up on the ladders, or anything like that, but a small pay raise would be great.
 I would be more than willing to do that.
 I don’t mind anything as long as I can like possibly get a pay raise, I would be more than down to help the company out as much as I can.
 I would be willing.
 Maybe to compensate for it, instead of getting a raise, we can have vacation days, compensated vacation days.
 So it’s not necessarily a raise but it’s like a paid expense trip.
 I thought you would be the ideal person to talk to about this just because you are my boss, you are in charge of pay roll and everything.
 Yeah of course, I just though I should let you know and see your opinion first.
 No, sir, i actually wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 Yes, i have done a lot of good things for the company.
 I have led many projects, brought in a lot of business for the company and have taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
  i can show them all the work i have been doing over the past couple of months.
 I believe they would be very impressed.
  .
 No I haven’t .
 Well, thank you for your help.
 And i appreciate your support.
 And if i do not get approved, are there any other options, that I can reapply or do something else, to Essentially get a raise.
 I’ll try that, that sounds great.
 Ok, that sounds great.
  Yes, yeah, and i have received offers from other companies.
 So i want to, uh, keep the honor of this company and ask for a pay raise before i considered the other option.
  uh, yes, currently they have offered me a higher salary.
 I will talk the other offer.
 Thank you.
 hi sir.
 I actually wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 I feel as though i've done a lot for the company.
 I've led many projects and brought in a lot of business.
 Have a lot of work that was not assigned to me .
 I feel as though the amount of work that i've taken on isn't reflective of my current salary.
 i believe i should get a fifteen percent.
 I have not done that.
 my apology I was not aware of that there was another way to do this.
 No.
 I would be willing to help out the company.
 I understand.
 Thank you, I appreciate the help, Is there anything i can do to improve my case with the supervisor?
 Thank you for the help.
 I will complete the application.
 no ma'am no problem at all i was just wondering if we could have open conversation about increasing my salary.
  i've been here for several years now i have received a lot of employee of the month awards stood in for higher ups quite a few times and i work extremely hard for this company i just feel my salary is not reflective of the good work i have been doing.
 i would very much like a raise there will be nice to actually get some momentum going with my career here in the company i was hoping by coming here i could maybe step it up and no start making more money and i feel i just feel that i've worked very hard to earn that .
 if there is a higher position i could take.
 That would be amazing.
 But i would be perfectly content just increasing my current salary with my current position as well.
  Well, i mean, i think all of my past work has definitely shown that and you said that based on the results of my work.
 I think if we look back in the books projects i have worked on, i believe they are more than up to par when considering a raise.
 So i believe that shows that i earned it.
  In terms of money there's never needed in my opinion but i would like to make progress i need to make progress otherwise i don't believe i would be able to stay with this company because we all want to progress in life, we all want to make sure that we're moving forward i think by earning in the past employee of the month awards repeatedly doing the work of many people around me and just overall just working hard every day that i show up i just i believe that the work in the past that i've done will show to the other managers that you have to talk to about it i think it will clearly show i am deserving of it.
 well in that case what i would ask of you is uh like you said, you have to talk to other managers about increasing a salary so all i would ask is maybe if you could present my past work, or just present the fact that i have worked very hard to higher ups and other managers, and maybe they would look at it, and i would have sooner rather than later possibility and increasing my salary.
 All righty.
 Well, thank you very much, that's, really all i can ask you appreciate that.
 i actually wanted to talk to you about something i was hoping to open a conversation with you about, potentially, increasing my salary.
 well, i've been working here for a while, and i've done a lot of great things for the company.
 I've been in charge of a lot of projects, brought in a lot of business, and i've taken a lot of on a lot of extra work that wasn't necessarily my job.
 I understand.
 I can show them my work i've been doing, and i think that would be very impressed.
 Okay, that sounds very fair.
 I just thought it would be important to bring up to you before so you could vouch for me, as you've seen my work done around the office, and maybe that give me potentially more benefit in applying online.
 Um, i'll continue working hard, and i'll try talking to other leaders around the office that could also vouch for me.
 I could communicate with the hr department, try to show them the work i've done.
 okay, it's, part of my job I guess, so I’d be willing to do that.
 I have not, because i genuinely enjoyed working here, and i think that i could do some great things for this company.
 Thank you so much for meeting with me today.
 No, ma’am, i actually wanted to discuss something.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially raising my salary.
 I've done a lot of good things for the company.
 I have led many extra, many projects, that brought in a lot of business with the company.
 And i've taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
 Well, i can show them all the work i've been doing over the past couple of months.
 I believe they'd be pretty impressed.
 I understand that.
 I just wanted to have honest conversation with you about my standing in the company and about how i feel about the work.
 I think i would, because of the extent of work i've been doing.
 But i also understand if, for some extraordinary reason you would not be able to do it, i would understand if it were a real reason for that.
 All right, if you could just keep keep in touch and let me know how all that's going on.
  i actually wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 done a lot of good things for this company.
 I have led many projects, brought in a lot of business for the company and have taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
 I can show them all the work i've been doing over the past couple of months.
 I believe that they re very impressed.
 I take i worked the extra hours i have taken on roles that weren't necessarily assigned to me.
 I have tried my gone out of my way to learn the upper management's job and like to see if i can.
 I guess kind of like emulate.
 Um, even if i could, like, learn how to do and they believe that i would be like a great fit for the role.
 I think i could have gone above and beyond in the past.
 Um, and i believe that, like, i would be a strong candidate for an upper level job or even a higher salary because i have shown the work and, like, i had to have the work ethic in the productivity for it.
 I think that any interaction is better face to face and thought that we could talk about, um, if i could get a raise.
 And if not, then like, what i can do to improve in the workplace.
 And then, like, i just wanted some, like, um, like.
 Constructive feedback from you .
 i mean i like know that you’re the person with the final say on if someone gets a raise or not.
  so as like a lower level worker here i've seen a lot of resources that have gone to waste on how we can better fix our budget if i work with you closely on how we can fix our budget do you think then you will be able to find space in the budget to increase my salary .
 i would like some upward mobility in this company and as a higher level management worker i think i would be a great leader i have strong speaking skills people always respect me and my work ethic i i always show up i rarely ever take a day off and i will always be there for this company rain or shine.
 Thank you.
 Doing well.
 I’m not doing too well actually, we're behind on our group project and i think you're the cause of it.
 i'm fine.
 I was hoping to talk about our group project with you.
 There is some problems we need a fix right now.
 The group and i feel like we have a lot of work to shoulder, and we're hoping that you'd be able to take on some more work.
 i know you're probably really busy preparing for graduation, but it be great if you could accomplish some tasks being a senior, your expertise and, like your knowledge, were go really long way in helping us finish this project.
 But we felt like you haven't put a lot into this project and we will we won't be able to finish his project if you don't get this work done i think we won't be able to graduate if we don't pass this project so i think we need a little more help from your end .
 so maybe just like when we have like some questions and you keep missing some of our group meeting so just trying to attend the group meetings or like responding to some of our messages would really help us see where you're at and what t we can ask you for help and if you could help us back .
 yeah so we notice you're really busy but we want have a chance to be able to work on the project we think you have some like great insight and a lot of stuff on what we're doing so it's been really hard tio keep up with the project because the full team hasn't been here .
 i think if we have like four people then like we can have more brains attacking like some problems because being like a sophomore like i don't have much knowledge as you might have to input on the project and show us like the proper direction to go for this project.
 yeah i think like calling in or like via skype just your presence being at the meeting i think we really helped us with that if we have any issue that you might be able to help us like fix that you're right you're like nearby and easy to contact so that we can continue working on this project and that you have like a little input throughout the meetings.
 Yeah so i think that's good, but i think still, i think you need to put in like, a little effort, because this is like a group project so just like putting in a little time, like we all know you're busy.
 And a lot of us are too just taking a little time out of your day to work on this project would really help us move along in the project.
  Yeah, i think that's a pretty good idea.
 So i can just, like, check in with you to make sure that, like you, like, you're still technically the leader because the professor assigned you to be the leader so like checking up with you.
 That, like, what we're doing, is looking in the right direction and that.
 Like, i'm not taking the group in the wrong direction, making sure that you're also staying involved.
 So i think assigning me the leader role is okay.
 But i still think you should.
 be making the final decisions, because at the end of the day, you're the leader.
 I'm just the one that you gave some of the work to.
 Yeah, i just wanted to see how you were doing, and while  i ran into you.
 I just want to talk about our group project.
 Have you been giving any thought at all?
 Yeah, so i think we're doing okay.
 But a lot of us are taking on a lot more work than we can kind of handle.
 We know that you're very busy, but we were just maybe, if we could all meet up again and maybe talk about dividing the tasks up just to keep each other accountable, and i don't mind shoulder a little bit of extra work.
 But i think because you're able to come to the meetings, maybe at least trying to do some work and kind of stay engaged in the meetings.
 that was great.
 Great.
 You could contribute those notes that there may be a little bit about outside research.
 And then i think just your general contributions, like in our meetings, would be really helpful.
 That would be helpful.
 I think just something that kind of balance the workload would be nice, just a little bit more.
 i mean, since there's four of us.
 I mean, it would Be nice if we could do like a twenty five percent split all the way.
 Yeah, that would be great.
 Yeah, that's a good connection, that sounds good, so we'll just make sure we have very clear tasks.
 And then if you can't make a meeting that's fine, but we can move forward from there.
 no sir actually I wanted to discuss something with you i was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 over the past three years i felt like i've kind of gotten stock a little bit in the company despite i mean i've won a couple employee of the month awards had the highest productivity rate in the office last year and i filled in for higher management numerous times i really feel like i deserve this raise .
 I understand that, sir.
 In your opinion, is there anything that i could work on to improve my standing any more and potentially help help me get over the hump .
 I totally get it.
 I mean, i enjoy working here, so i'm not going to be leaving.
  that's a tough question, because it has been three years, and i'm definitely going to keep working my best.
 I always do.
 Um, if i feel like, you know, maybe it's not going to be right away, but in, like, a year or two, in a couple of years, you know how it is.
 If i feel like i can earn a little bit of a bump up in pay somewhere else, i might have to take that opportunity.
 I've got a family, you understand how that is?
 Absolutely not.
  Thank you for listening to appreciate it.
 Thank you for meeting me, I know your time is valuable.
 i just i think that i know you to be fair.
 And i know you to be somebody who's going to reward hard work.
 I think that i'm served this company well.
 And i think that at this point, i just i'm really looking for maybe higher wage or something to let it be recognized that I have been working hard.
 I just think that with some of the accolades that I have received in this past year, maybe it's, just time for me, move a little bit higher in the ranks, .
 I think that I’ll leave that up to you.
 I think that you've been a good boss to me.
 And i have no reason to doubt that you would give me anything less than what you feel is appropriate.
 i usually like to remain pretty loyal.
 And so i think that before i would go exploring other options, i would come to you.
 First.
 You say that i want to continue working for you, but I need a little change.
 That’s where I stand.
 i looked into it, but i think that something that i've always been told is you want something, you should go straight to the person and talk to them.
  That makes total sense and that's, definitely something that i'm interested in and having you do it's, just maybe about you coming one level higher.
 I think that it’s definitely valued.
 And i think that me filling out an official form will not go as far.
 You actually going one level higher up and just talking for me personally.
 That's a good question.
 Two days, with no conversation at all.
 Yes, i think that if you give me your word that you're going to, try to do all that.
 I could definitely see myself doing this is taking on a little more responsibility.
 Um, not exactly.
 I wanted to discuss with you about my salary and position in the job.
 so recently have been showing a lot of.
 I've been helping out the company a lot uh have won a lot of employee awards I have had the highest productivity rate in the office last year and i thought i deserved maybe an increase in salary .
 um you would you have to go to your higher ups to discuss about it .
  is there any way i could contact your higher-ups and discuss all my achievements and accomplishments to show them that i've achieved what i believe is enough to earn a higher salary .
 i personally just believe i deserve it also coming to this job i expected expected to achieve a higher salary within after a couple of years and that hasn’t been shown yet .
 Can you just let me know if there's any progress in that situation?
 Ok, thank you very much.
 no ma’am i actually wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have an open conversation with you about potential increasing my salary.
 I have done a lot of good things in this company, i've led many projects brought in a lot of business for the company, taken on higher management roles and have taken a lot of extra work, that was not assigned to me.
 I believe i'm the best worker you have in this company.
 I've been a lot of good things for you, but if you want, you can ask higher management and i can show them all the hard work I’ve done over the past few months, i think there will be really impressed.
 Yeah, i understand, and i think my previous work and experience can back me up on why i think I should get a higher salary.
  Well, for the past three years since i've been here, my salary has remained stagnant.
 So i think if i were not to get a salary increase, I may have to consider my options.
 Okay, is there any way to reduce that time from a couple of months, to say, perhaps one or two months.
 Okay, i understand on i just, if possible, could you get back to me when once upper management has made his decision about my salary increase?
 Thank you for your time.
 No, i think work is fine, it's.
 Kind of, actually.
 Well, i wanted to come talk to you.
 I was hoping to have a conversation about potentially increasing salary.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I feel like i've done a lot of good work for the company in the past year, especially, and having been here for three years, i've done a lot of work to lead many projects and brought a lot of good business to the company.
 So i felt like i've taken on a lot of extra work and I deserve the raise.
 Um, well, i felt like i can show them all the work, and i could tell them all the things that i've done.
 But at the end, like, aren’t you the one who will have the final say, so it's Easier to come directly to you.
 So the only thing i could do is submit paperwork to hr and hope that they will get back to me?
 could you also put in like a good word in hr with me for me so that way it's i'm covering all my bases .
 thank you appreciate it like hopefully like hr will see the amount of like i've done a lot of good work here have won employee of the month more than once like this past year has been like my most successful year so hopefully like with all of that being said and you hopefully putting in a good word for me and talking to the upper management maybe make it work towards a better salary .
 there's nothing i can do now like you in the near future i just have to wait?
 then i'd honestly like to request to talk to your higher up because i feel like i have proven my worth to this company and i think i can not only show that, but i can also talk about that, especially with the higher ups because i feel like i'm deserving of this .
 Um i haven't really considered working at any other company i really like the job here.
 So i'm i'm honestly just banking on this salary raise because i really like the work that i do here and hopefully the work i'm doing here has been benefiting the company.
 Sounds good.
 Thank you.
 I’m good.
 I want to talk about how I have been overlooked in this company.
 I believe I have been mistreated and deserve a raise.
 I've done a lot of things for the company.
 I’ve lead many projects brought in a lot of business for the company, have taken a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
 I can show them all the work i've been doing over the past couple months.
 I believe they will be very impressed.
 I believe I have gone above and beyond in my role as an employee here and a lot of people can attest to that and i think i brought a lot of success to the company, which is why i deserve a raise after three years.
 in the future, with the higher managerial role, i will be able to further the success by controlling more employees, more divisions of the company, and hopefully bring better outlook for the future.
 When you recreate the budget for next year, I would appreciate if you could keep my thoughts in mind.
 I would be willing to do that, but i already go above and beyond my duties and do a lot more work than I am required to do.
 Yeah, i could contact them, but i prefer it if you could also put in your word based on my work.
 I am not the one who makes the decision, so you probably need to convince them that you are very good at your position.
 No, sir, I just wanted to discuss something with you.
 I was hoping to have a open conversation with you about potentially increasing my salary.
 I’ve done a lot of good things with company.
 Lead many projects, brought in a lot of business company and taking a lot of extra work that was not assigned to me.
  You ask anyone in the office, including upper management, about my work ethic, I work harder than almost anyone.
 you'd ask your upper management before you give me a raise?
 Is that correct?
 yeah, yeah, okay, so would you be able to talk to them at some point this quarter?
 No.
 Now, whenever it's, convenient for you, I know you’re very busy and are doing a lot of things for the company but if you could talk to them this quarter about my work and if I deserve a pay raise, it would go a long way for me.
 Well, like i've reiterated earlier i brought on a lot of business for the company, i take a lot of extra projects and for those reasons.
 I do believe i am eligible for a higher pay raise seeing as I've received numerous times to play the month, high productivity rate, and i have even applied numerous times for higher management.
 I understand that.
 I do appreciate your feedback, but it would go a long way from me if you could at least try and know you're busy.
 But if you could take a few minutes out of your busy schedule to talk to the higher ups about it I would really appreciate it.
 Just put that seed in their mind, so when the economy does get better, they have me on their mind.
 thank you so much so i really do appreciate it if you could let me know how that conversation goes that would be great .
 i understand that i don't need the pay raise immediately just the appreciation that the sign that will you ask for them and they wanted to give a pay raise whenever it would come in and it would be very beneficial to me so i completely understand the situation .
 Okay, I did not know that i'm still very new to the culture of chinese companies.
 So from, like from now, what is the correct way for an employee to seek out a raise if you can’t do it directly?
 Thank you, sir for your time.
 I appreciate it.
